Add initial navigation editor user docs (#34985)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/edit-navigation/docs/user-documentation.md

Note: this documentation is a work in progress.

# Block-based menu editor

> The Block-based Navigation Editor brings the power of blocks to the Appearance > Navigation section in the WordPress Administration Screens allowing you use blocks to create menus.

Reviewer: Are we going to use the term `menu` or `navigation`? Menu doesn't sort of bind us to the classic menus screen...

Author: Yeah, I don't know! This question was also asked in the tracking issue. The button is currently 'New menu' in the editor, so I think as longs as the docs match the UI it's ok.

If/when the UI changes we can update the docs to match.

I personally can't see a switch entirely to 'Navigation' because 'New navigation' doesn't sound right. That might be because navigation is an uncountable noun, so it can't represent a tangible item.

Author: Oh, I see now you were referring to the title. Good point, I changed it.

## How to use the editor

The interface replicates the Post Editor experience, allowing you to use similar workflows like drag and drop.

> The editor provides access to all the menus created using the previous Menu screen in WordPress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The editor provides access to all/any of the menus you created using the classic `Menus` screen in WordPress.
```

Author: It's a nitpick, but I don't think 'you' is correct because different users could've created the menus, not just the reader. 😄 

I'm a bit hesitant about saying 'classic' right now. Widget docs use the term 'previous', so I think it's good to stay consistent. This might change if we decide to use the term 'classic' in the UI or as a plugin.

The sentence is a bit awkward, but I don't know, I think I'll leave it for now.

> New menus can also easily be created, providing options to easily create a menu from an existing page hierarchy, by copying an existing menu, or creating a blank menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New menus can also easily be created:
* from an existing `Page` hierarchy
* by copying an existing menu, 
* by creating a blank menu.
```

Author: I've gone half and half on this. I don't like leaving out that the editor 'provides options', because otherwise the 'by copying an existing menu' part makes it sound like the user has to find the menu, copy it, and then paste it.

Lets avoid using backticks for words because this formats it like code, which I don't think is relevant for user docs.

I only used them for the `+` button because it makes it look more like the icon, but I expect there will be images in the final docs.

Rather than the paragraph being the go-to block, the Navigation Editor provides a link block for creating links to different types of items. Page, post, tag, category and custom links can all be created. Links can be nested to create sub-menus.

### How to create a menu

1. At the top of the editor select 'New menu'.
2. Type the name of your menu.
3. Choose a starting option of either 'Start blank', 'Add all pages', or 'Copy existing menu'.

### How to add a block

1. Click one of the `+` buttons.
2. Select the type of link you want to add.

> 3. Use the dialog to search for the item you want to link to. For a custom link, type in a URL and hit 'Enter'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. One the item is inserted into the editor, use the dialog to search for the item you want to link to. Alternatively, for a custom link, type in a URL and hit 'Enter'.
```

Author: I don't think 'Once the item is inserted into the editor' is needed because the line above tells them to insert it and it happens immediately.

I have changed this by splitting out the instructions for a custom link, which I think makes it clearer.

> ### How to add a submenu block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to add a submenu
```

The goal is to add a submenu. At this point the "block" is an implementation detail.

Author: Yeah, I initially started with that, but added 'block' because this heading was very similar to 'How to create a menu' 🤔 

Maybe that's ok, I'll change it back.

Author: I changed this and the above heading to 'How to insert a link' and 'How to insert a submenu', which I think is better all round 👍

> There are two ways to create a submenu, the first option is to create a new submenu from scratch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to create a submenu.

The first option is to create a new submenu from scratch:
```
